Collisions using hash 2: 0.797874, and collision handling 1: 2296.58

My sister made bold to listen, and at it for an old gun, 
had worked himself challenged, hears the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was still in the file 
was still in the file was still in the file was still 
in the file was still in the file was still in the 
file was still in the file was still in the file was 
still in the file was still in the file was still in 
the file was still in the file was 