Collisions using hash 2: 0.282365, and collision handling 2: 2278.45

My sister had worked himself into this fierce hurry, than the best use 
of him, his fetter, muttering impatient imprecations at his leg. The cattle 
came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came 
from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." 
It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It 
wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't 
for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for 
wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting 
to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to 
slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip 
off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. 
The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The 
cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle 
came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came 
from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." 
It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It 
wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't 
for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for 
wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting 
to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to 
slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip 
off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. 
The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The 
cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle 
came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came 
from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." 
It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It 
wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't 
for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for 
wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting 
to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to 
slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip 
off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. 
The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The 
cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle 
came from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came 
from." It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." 
It wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It 
wasn't for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't 
for wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for 
wanting to slip off. The cattle came from." It wasn't for wanting 
to slip off. The cattle came from." It 